(Episode 8)
Let's go.
Wait. Hey, Woo Tak.
What? I'll be there.
I'm here to be investigated as a witness. I'm Bong Du Hyun.
Have you checked if Park Jun Mo and the witness are on their ways?
Yes, I heard that they won't be late.
Hey. I've just arrived.
That's not easy.
Pardon? May I help you?
I'm Lieutenant Oh Kyung Hwan. I'm the witness.
You came too early.
Could you wait outside? I'll call you in later.
Okay. Oh, by the way,
somebody wanted to talk to Prosecutor Jung.
- Me? - Yes.
This is Lieutenant Han Woo Tak. He said it's really urgent.
Hello? This is Prosecutor Jung.
Oh, I didn't have your number.
You haven't investigated on Park Jun Mo yet, have you?
- I haven't. - When you investigate him later,
don't do it yourself. Make the investigator do it.
Pardon?
Why should I do that?
Just listen to him.
I don't know why either,
but both of us dreamed of you investigating Park Jun Mo.
In my dream, Park Jun Mo wasn't charged of anything,
but in Woo Tak's, he was prosecuted.
That's nonsense.
So we compared our dreams,
and we realized everything was the same, except for one.
In Hong Joo's dream, you investigated Park Jun Mo.
In mine, the investigator did it.
You know, the one who looks like a fish.
Gosh, are you sure? Maybe you're mistaken.
My dear, Mr. Choi. We're not late, are we?
Gosh, Ms. Moon. You look great in yellow.
You are never late.
I asked him if we could do it on the document, but he didn't listen.
He wanted to do it face to face. Goodness.
It's okay.
Mr. Choi is really close with Yu Beom. They're like family.
- He's really close. - There's no choice.
The dream told us so.
Park Jun Mo pleaded innocent.
What? Are you crazy? That's a total nonsense!
I mean, it doesn't make sense that he pleaded innocent...
when there's so much evidence.
Even so, you will not win Yu Beom.
So let Mr. Choi do the job, please.
Goodness.
Excuse me, Prosecutor Jung. Are you going to be done soon?
Okay. Hang up now.
If I do the investigation, he'll walk free.
If Mr. Choi does, then Park Jun Mo will be persecuted?
That's nonsense.
Have a seat.
I can't trust Mr. Choi. Gosh.
Can I have my phone back? It's mine.
Here.
Prosecutor Jung, aren't you going to investigate them?
- Mr. Choi. - Yes?
I think you should do the investigation.
Why are our dreams different?
That means one of ours is wrong.
Have your dreams ever been wrong?
No, not until I met Jae Chan.
What about after you met him?
The dreams changed, thanks to him.
(Hong Joo's dream began to change.)
I hope that's the case this time.
I know. I hope your dream is correct.
Well, have you all had lunch yet?
I just had whatever.
All right. The victim,
Ms. Do Geum Sook, wanted you to be punished, so things got complicated.
As you well know, even though it's an injury,
if the victim wants...
I've never hit my wife.
He really is pleading innocent.
Is it going like Woo Tak's dream?
Look. What kind of nonsense are you talking about?
Wait. Hold on.
Didn't you admit hitting your wife?
Actually, I told him to admit it.
- Sorry? - Considering his previous cases,
I wanted him to just admit it first. But when I looked at the case,
he was just caught in his wife's scheme.
Scheme?
This is the promise he made in the previous case.
It says there that if he hits his wife again,
he'll give her 100 million dollars.
So his wife fabricated her injuries to receive that money?
That's right. I didn't want to believe it too.
Do you think she can't survive without her husband?
Don't be scared.
After you get divorced, divide the property...
and receive child support expenses from him.
That's right. The documents are ready too.
So that's how it happened. Now I get it.
I've dealt with many cases like this one, so I know well.
This isn't just a story that you can watch in dramas.
This happens in the reality too.
You hit your wife and write a promise...
that will eat you up.
What kind of an investigation is this?
How can you conclude after just listening to the offender?
I saw it right in front of me.
Her wife's blouse was full of his footprints from him stepping on her.
I have something to say on that.
They were not Mr. Park's footprints.
What?
In the report, it says the footprints are 285mm.
Yes, it says 285mm.
Mr. Park's size...
Gosh.
is 260mm.
You're right. His foot size is 260mm.
That can't be...
Did you arrest him without even checking his foot size?
I was too busy controlling the crowd that I had no chance to.
Even if you were busy, you should've done your job.
The foot size alone can determine someone's sentence.
Follow the manuals. How can you not know the basics?
The first thing is for me to arrest him.
Then, the crime scene investigators are in charge next.
That's enough. Be quiet.
Lawyer Lee.
How are we going to handle this case?
I'm afraid it has to be dealt this way.
Ms. Do Geum Sook used the promise she got from the previous case,
and she was going to rip him off of money.
She was looking for the chance,
and she broke her ribs in a ski resort.
She fabricates it as an assault case.
That's why the medical report dates were wrong.
And on the day of the recital, she secretly rubbed footprints...
on her blouse.
She decides to faint when there are many people watching.
- Ms. Do. - Mom.
My goodness, she did the job meticulously.
What's wrong with Mr. Choi?
Why is he just listening to that rubbish?
Darn it. Should I trust his dream?
I really loved my wife.
After listening to Lawyer Lee, all the pieces fell into place.
As you can see in the report,
Mr. Park never admitted to assault. Not even once.
Then did you arrest him based on the circumstances...
when he denied assaulting her?
Who would admit in that kind of situation?
Have you seen anyone admitting to his own crime?
Gosh, you shouldn't be so upset about it.
I'm sorry.
What did Mr. Park say when his wife fainted?
He said he didn't do it.
What about when he was being arrested?
He also said that he didn't do it.
I knew it.
All the pieces are coming to their places.
You must have thought it was unfair after being betrayed by your wife.
Why did your wife do that?
Let's see. Look here.
Your beloved wife suddenly collapsed.
As soon as she collapsed, you denied assaulting her.
Then you got arrested. Am I right?
Prosecutor Jung.
Am I the only one who thinks this is strange?
Sorry?
For me,
I don't understand this part.
I don't get why you insisted that you didn't hit her.
That's really strange.
That's right. I think that's strange too.
Mr. Park. What was the first thing you said when your wife collapsed?
I said I didn't do it.
You love your wife, don't you?
Of course I love her.
- Mr. Park. - Please be quiet.
Your beloved wife suddenly collapsed,
and the first thing you say is, "I didn't do it"?
Well, that's...
You should have asked if she's okay or yelled for help.
Shouldn't you have said those?
That's right. That's what you should have said.
You should be worried first before making excuses.
When the police arrived, you should have asked them to...
catch the suspect, not make excuses.
Of course, that's right. That's what normal people do.
That's what was the most suspicious when I was arresting him.
No, I said that because everyone assumed that it was me who hit her.
- Mr. Choi. - Yes, sir.
This is what Mr. Bong here recorded...
on the day the incident occurred.
That's her plan.
Many people support me.
I'll do my best not to disappoint...
- Mom. - Ms. Do.
- Call an ambulance. Hurry! - Mom!
What's this?
I didn't do this.
No one accused you of hitting her.
You were busy covering the footprints.
As if you are the one who stepped on her.
They... They aren't mine. You measured my foot size.
Why did you take off your shoes when he was measuring?
Lawyer Lee must have known that the shoes and feet differ in size.
Put on your shoes. Let's measure it again.
- Get up. - Let's do this.
- Lift your foot. - Let me go.
Gosh.
It's... It's okay.
Are the footprints, the letter, and the recording...
all you have to prove your innocence?
Ms. Moon, could you bring that cart over here?
Yes, sir.
Are these all the evidences?
I think you have taken the wrong path.
If you keep lying with the fabricated evidence,
they may work against you later.
- I just... - Don't answer him.
Please wrap up for today.
Make a choice.
Are you just going to leave or are you going to confess?
I... I was going to confess, but...
Don't answer him!
You don't have to answer me.
Your attitude of answering questions here,
fabricating the medical record and CCTV footage...
have made this case even bigger.
I think it's enough to prosecute him.
Your attitude during the investigation will determine...
whether you'll be sentenced and by how much.
Are you threatening him?
I'm simply giving an advice.
I'm giving him a choice to either jump off a broken car...
or kill himself in it.
I insisted to admit my crime,
but my lawyer said otherwise.
The consent form and the medical report are all fabricated by him.
I don't even know what they are.
Mr. Park!
Lawyer Lee!
I'll limit your participation if you keep interfering.
That applies the same if you try to...
destroy, fabricate, or hide evidence.
Prosecutor Jung, please forgive me.
If I ever hit my wife again, I'll eat my hat.
Please have mercy on me.
Let's see what kind of crimes you've committed.
Then I'll consider your punishment.
Prosecutor Jung, take a seat here.
Let's begin, shall we?
[VIU Ver] E08 While You Were Sleeping "A Few Good Men"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Thank you, Prosecutor Jung.
My goodness.
Yes!
We did it.
Hey!
- It was solved. - It was?
Yes!
The weather is so nice.
Gosh, Lawyer Lee. You are one lucky man.
Have a cup of coffee.
Wouldn't you be lacking one if I drink this?
I don't have to give Prosecutor Jung then.
Mr. Choi, I felt a little disappointed today.
You should have told me if you had so much evidence.
I also had no idea that Prosecutor Jung prepared so much.
He pretends to be dumb.
I thought you'd be on my side forever.
You've changed.
I don't take anyone's side in this field.
I had none when I worked with you and even now too.
But if you feel like I've changed,
doesn't that mean you're the one who's changed?
Oh, good work today.
You were pretty cool today.
- Mr. Choi. - Yes.
I've had wrong ideas about you all this time.
- Sorry? - I thought you were treating...
Lawyer Lee specially because he used to be a prosecutor.
I even doubted if you've taken bribes from him.
I wondered if you drank with him when you left work early.
I wondered if you drank too much when you came in late to work.
Come on, I didn't go home that early.
I was late only once too.
You text so much during office hours...
that I thought you were close to him.
The texts were from the banks, telling me to pay back the loan.
I'm sorry for thinking like that about you.
But...
Try to text less when you're working, will you?
Sir, that's not...
Mr. Choi, you've changed.
You always used your time wisely.
That's not true, Prosecutor Lee.
I heard your liver's not well.
Stop drinking already!
They are all misunderstandings!
All those things he said are false!
Prosecutor Jung.
Can we talk?
What's this?
He used to work with me at another division.
His nickname is Viper.
Recently, he opened his own lawyer's office after quitting as a prosecutor.
Viper will be the only one who can take care of Park Jun Mo...
who hides his properties well. Viper has a high winning rate.
Give Ms. Do a call. It'll be helpful.
Gosh, I haven't thought of this.
Of course you haven't. You were too focused to catch Park Jun Mo.
Thank you. I can tell you have more experience.
Of course. That's how you do it.
I can leave such good impression.
Did... Did you see me do that?
Yes, over here with everyone else.
Everyone, raise your glass.
Everyone, it's such a good day.
Repeat after me. Enjoy!
- Enjoy. - Enjoy.
Are you drinking alcohol?
Prosecutor Jung...
is very smart with his work.
He's also looking after the costs in moving and tuitions.
He also ordered my husband to stay away from us.
Do you still think my brother is just another stupid prosecutor?
I guess not. Look, he's here.
I'll bring him in.
Don't you think those two come too often?
It's because the food here is good.
Let's go in.
I don't know. I think there's another reason.
Another reason? What?
- I was just passing... - Come on.
- Even so... - Just have a bowl of rice.
I heard you prosecuted Park Jun Mo.
Good job!
That's nothing.
Isn't that your job?
Really? You did?
That's amazing! I didn't know that.
Come here. I'll give you a hug.
Come on. Come here.
Come on.
Darn it. What's taking him so long?
Is he having a team dinner?
Or is he working late?
Who are you?
I'm sorry.
It's hot. Be careful.
Do you remember this tall guy with long arms?
Did he come?
No, he didn't come today.
I see.
Welcome.
I'd like an Americano with double shots and hazelnut syrup.
Do you remember this girl that comes every morning?
- You know, with short hair... - Oh, she...
was just here looking for you.
Don't you guys know each other's number?
No, not yet.
Gosh, that woman.
I can't see her when I need her.
Gosh.
What are you looking for?
Give me your number.
It was killing me that I couldn't reach you.
What's this?
It's my business card.
I'm taking a break from work, but the number is the same.
Call me with that number.
Have you heard what happened with the Park Jun Mo case?
Yes.
I heard you prosecuted him even with charges from the past cases.
I'm so relieved that my dream was wrong.
Why didn't you tell me about it in the morning?
I just wanted to support you.
I refuse your support.
By the way, why did you look for me?
Were you going to show off?
I wasn't looking for you. I came here straight from the office.
Then what's with that apron?
It looks like you went to my store.
Is it your fashion item? Or is it to warm yourself?
Darn it.
You told me that my support is like a threat to you...
because I might get disappointed if you fail, right?
That's right. I don't like it.
Hold on. Let me get it for you.
I won't get disappointed.
If you do well, I'd be grateful.
If you fail, I'd be grateful that you tried.
Why would I get disappointed?
So don't reject my support.
You can do it.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
I'm undoing your apron.
Gosh, I must be crazy. Why did I have to close my eyes?
Why is he here?
I invited him. Is there a problem?
You did well.
You have big breakfasts every day?
Yes, we had five-spice sliced pork for yesterday's breakfast.
By the way, what's going on with So Yoon studying overseas?
We got a call from Evan Foundation that it's confirmed.
They will support for the tuition.
That's great. That's great news.
Are you going to stay in a dorm when you go abroad?
Yes, but don't worry.
The wireless internet will work well there, so I can text you every day.
Every day?
- You don't like it? - I do.
Have you checked the dorm's water pressure?
For yours, they'd need very strong water pressure.
What's she saying? What about water pressure?
Be quiet, won't you?
If the toilet gets clogged like last time, you might need to come back.
I said be quiet.
That was mine.
- What? - Really?
Why are you saying that now?
I was too occupied then.
What do you mean?
You should have just openly said it.
I just told you now.
How disappointing.
How's that disappointing?
It's really good.
I haven't had a proper breakfast for a long time.
Why didn't you bring your brother along?
Jae Chan said he has to go somewhere.
Where?
(Late Jung Il Song)
How about a prosecutor?
It's my wish that you become a prosecutor.
I can be one if you want.
You can do it.
Dad.
I became a prosecutor just like you told me.
I was afraid of disappointing you,
so I tried really hard.
Sometimes, I wanted to run away because it was too tough.
That's how much...
I must have loved you.
(Nam Hong Joo)
Now I have someone who wishes the best of me.
I won't get disappointed.
If you do well, I'd be grateful.
If you fail, I'd be grateful that you tried.
Why would I get disappointed?
Whether I do well or not,
she'd tell me that it's okay.
So don't reject my support.
You can do it.
But...
I want to do well.
Thank you.
Now I'm scared...
of that thought.
Jae Chan.
You must have had a dream.
What did you dream about?
Did you dream about something that's going to happen later?
Before that thought tires me out...
and before that thought gets bigger,
I want to run away.
(While You Were Sleeping)